2 PLAYERS MODE
SETUP
Each player has ten citizen pieces in the Mandarin square & five citizen pieces in each of the rice field squares. 
The Mandarin squares are black squares, and the rice field squares are in red and blue. In this game, the numbers of 
citizens are indicated by numbers instead of rocks. 
SCATTERING
1. First, 2 players choose who is red and who is blue. Then, they must choose who to go first.
2. The first player takes up all the pieces of any rice field square on his/her side of the board (b2-left).
3. Distributes one piece for each square, starting at the next square in either direction.
4. When all pieces are distributed, the player repeats by taking up the pieces of the following square (r4) and 
distributing them in the same direction (left-the direction change because blue square to the left is equal to the 
red square to the right).
CAPTURING
5. When the next square to be distributed is empty (b2), the player wins all the pieces in the square after that
(b1) and take them out of the table.
* When the square next to the won square (b3) is empty (b2), the player also wins the all the pieces in the square
after that (b1).
** Similarly, when the last piece is distributed in the Mandarin square (on the right), the following squares are
empty (b5, b3, b1 and r1), the player can take all the citizens in the b4, b2 and r2)
PASSING
You will lose your turn and the other player can start in the following cases:
6. Your next distribution is the Mandarin Square (have pieces or not).
7. Or your next distribution turn are two empty squares.
DISPATCHING
If there is no left citizen piece in a player’s side of the board, they must use five previously-won pieces to place
one piece in each square on their side before starting their turn. (If they do not possess enough pieces, they must
borrow the remaining from the other player and return it when counting the points at the end of the game.)
WINNING
The game ends when all the pieces are captured. Whichever player has more pieces is the winner.
Or if both Mandarin pieces are captured, the remaining citizen pieces belong to the player controlling the side that
these pieces are on.